In the last lecture we have introduced the resource classes to serialize your eloquent models.
And maybe you might have noticed that I've misspelled the field name here and called it updated art.
So this are the things that can happen.
So this should be updated.
And then of course you probably should have tests for that and into world covered up later.
Now we were supposed to talk about how to load our relation because previously we had some data about
a user that posted this comment.
So this is actually very simple.
So the naive way to do that would just to include a field like user I.D. or create a new key user and
then specify an array.
So it's very easy to do that.
You can have this as we know that there is a user attribute on this particular model the comment because
it has a relation to the user.
You can do something like this.
This user I.D. Now let's check if that works.
Of course it does.
But there might be a problem with this that well obviously let's see how we have loaded this relation.
So we have loaded the post comments and does not this does not include any relationships of the comments.
So what we are doing here is actually this will make a separate query to load every related user of
every comment so that's not very efficient.
We'll handle that later.
But what we should do in the first place is create a separate resource for the user that has to be serialized
together with comment because that's the whole sense of creating this resource classes that sometimes
you might want to serialize things a little bit different.
And in the case of the user associated with a comment we only want his I.D. and a name.
So let's go ahead and create another resource.
Call it beach be artisan make resource and let's call it common user
so let's find this new class.
It's here.
And notice that this class is not actually really aware of what is the type of the model that it is
serialization but whatever you'll pass to this class it will just assign older attributes of this eloquent
model to this resource class.
So we wanted the idea of the users.
So let's return this idea and the name of the user
so this name.
So this is our comment.
User resource class.
Now you can import this class inside this particular resource.
So use up HDP
resources.
Comment.
User.
Now you don't really have to apply as this as a comment user resource but maybe that would be just a
good practice.
Ask comment user resource.
OK.
Now instead of specifying explicitly how the user should look like what you can do is you can create
new comment or use a resource.
This user
and now it is being serialized exactly how you wanted that and the benefit of that is whenever you will
create another resource class for a user let's say you want much more information about the user you
just create another resource class and use it in the place you would like to serialize this particular
eloquent model differently.
So I mentioned a problem that we actually have not loaded the user relation of this all of this individual
comments and then we are making an unnecessary query.
So in the next lecture I will show you how to overcome this problem.